# Mitch Reynolds
## Final Project
1. Did you learn anything new about web development (ie using GitHub, version control, repositories)?
-  I had a little bit of background in web development prior to this class, as I took the Creative Coding class before the web design course. Repositories and Github were not new to me, html was. As the web development started to become more complex I found it extremely helpful to think of every thing having its own box and understanding the effect that each element has to a box. I didn't really understand at first why we had seperate files for CSS and HTML, but its important because as your website has more pages having different files is really important to keep things organized. I also enjoyed learning about how the internet works in the beginning of this class, as I feel I can now physically understand how the internet works. This deeper understanding of how the internet works, also helps to understand how my website can be more easily accessed, and how web development relates to the function of the internet.
2. Did you learn anything new about web design (ie using media, color, fonts)?
- I learned about the differences between fonts such as Serif, Monospace, Display, and cursive. Each of these fonts has a different style and should be used for specific reason. I also learned how to embed different youtube and media files into my own website, and it was a lot easier than I thought it would be. I also learned the importance of having a padding and margin throughout the whole website, at first I didn't think it was that important, but without spacing within your website it makes the whole website looked cluttered. When I was styling my website I also realized the importance of taking notes and giving classes relavent names so you can understand what part of the website you are adding style to. 
3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.
- For my final project I first coded all of my HTMl files just wanting to get the content in first. Once I finished one HTML page I copied the code so the framework of the HTML file would be the same than I added content to fit the new HTMl page so each HTMl file had its own content relivent to the page. Once all of my HTML files were coded I styled the Header and the footer. I used the sam div classes throughout the header and footer, so that they would look the would look the same throughout the website. Then I broke my style.css down into different sections where i would have the specific elements for the contact.html, service.html, index.html, and about.html. I then styled the main content 1 page at a time, and made sure that my color and organization themes throughout the pages were linked and flowed well.
