#Mitch Reynolds
## Assignment 5
1. How many main document <head> and <body> elements can a page have? How are these elements different, or what role do they play?
- A page can only have on main <head> and <body> element. The head elements tell the web browser and processor about the webpage such as the author and and description of the website.  the <head> contains high-level information about the site, an will always be first within the root element.The <body> element where all the content for your website is. This is the data that is renderded by your browser and displayed on the users computer.

2. Describe the difference between structural and semantic markup.
- structural markup embeds information about the structure of the document, and it typically includes elements such as headings, paragraphs, breaks, and lists. These are the things that make the structure of the website and help to create a flow to your website. Semantic markup is used to reinforce the information of the document by bolding, citing, italicizing, or underlining important things that you want the user to see.

3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.
- I started with the <head> document and did my meta work. Then I made all my different headings for how I wanted to organize my project. I worked within one heading at a time making the list for ingredients than committing my changes and making sure that my codes had worked. After I finished one heading group I would exclusivly work on the next, and constantly check to make sure my codes were working. Once I got all of the content that I would down I went back up to the <head> element, and added the style element to webpage to make it look how I wanted. After that I would check to make sure all my links, and Images, were properly uploaded. I found it good for me to take coding one step at a time, and after I plug a code in to check to make sure it works, that way, at the end I don't realize that I have a bunch of typos and mistakes, and I don't know where to start fixing things. If I constantly checking my work I'm able to manage my mistakes and understand where I went wrong. 
