# Mitch Reynolds
## Assignment 12
1. Who was your imaginary client? How did they describe their site needs?
- My Imaginary Client was a restruant that wanted to be on of the first ones to have the actual restruant under water. I decided that they would describe their website as having a a page about the restaraunt, and what makes it unique. They would also have a page of their menu. The contact page would be a way for the customers to make reservations. The home page would be a centralized location to easily access other parts of the webpage. The three links I chose gave an insight to a recipe, a little bit about whats near the restruant, and a restruant with a similar idea.  
2. What is the difference between display: block, display: inline, and display: inline-block?
- display: inline only takes up as much horizontal space that is needed, as it ignores different width properties. display: inline-block removes new lines inherent in block elements, and forces elements to respect margin and vertical spacing properties/rules. and display: block property allows developers to explicitly specify and/or change the display properties for any element, including the option to “hide” an element.
3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.
- There was a lot of different content to organize on this weeks assignment. I started off this assignment by being as broad as a could, and leaving notes throughout the webpage of where I knew I was going to have material. Once I had the frame work all layed out I added my content in my index.html file. once I had all my content I went back and added all of the style elements that I needed, and I ended up making a seperate css file just for the navigation bar, as I noticed that I was going to have a lot of style elements specifically for the navigation bar. After I completed styling my index I copy and pasted all the content to each different html, and then re worked my content and added placeholder content to the show what the style of the pages would look like.  
