# Mitch Reynolds
## Assignment 8
1. Briefly recap your experience learning HTML. What was old, new, interesting, or difficult to learn?
- My learning expeirence with HTML had its ups, and downs. It usually goes very smooth, but from time to time I will make a mistake, and not know where I went wrong, and I start getting frustrated. I found it helpful of when I get really stuck to move on or take a break for a while and than to come back at my code with fresh eyes. Coding with HTML is new to my, but I have taken the creative coding class where we mainly coded directly in md. So the process of coding was not new, but the language was. I knew that I was going to need to take good notes, and spend a a little bit of time each day working on my project so that the material I was learning stuck.
2. Next module we begin CSS and expand on styling, which helps us "decorate" HTML. Is there anything you're anxious or excited to learn about in this new section?
- I would be lying if I said I was not nervous for CSS. Assignment 8 took me a whole, and getting the layout exactly how I want is hard for me, I am constantly checking to see how my website is looking, and if every thing is functioning. Web design does not come fast to me So I am really going to need to spend some time on the course website, and also just messing around with code, even if it is not part of any assignment. I have found the more I mess around the better spacial judgement, and understanding of the codes improves for me.
3. Free Response: Summarize your work cycle for this assignment.
- This week I my process was similar to previous weeks, However this was simply just a longer assignment. I first got the framework of my website made. I made sure that all the inner links worked I had the styling for the website I wanted I wanted. After that, I exlusivly worked on my Index page adding the steps and making sure the lay out of my text was good. Then I added my images, I wanted to make sure that the photos didn't disrupt from the text too much. After that, I worked on my about.html I wrote a paragraph about why I chose the project I did, and then I added my i frame element. I finsihed this project on my contact us page. I chose to make a table highlighting the times that I am usually around my email. I added three form elements with an upload of photos button, a subscribe button, and an ask us question element. 
